Inheretance in java:
--This is mechanisam through which java class can aquire the properties abd methods from another java class.
The class from which we aquire the properties is Parent/Super clas, and the classes which aquire properties are called
Child/Sub classes
--Advantages:
1) Code duplication is reduced
2) More efitioan, more secure, helps write better code( THIS IS ANSWER FOR ANY OOPS CATEGORY)
3)Saves memory
4)execution time is less
--Disadvantagees:
1)Classes get tightly linked. if we change some in parent class it will affect
all the child classes and we have to make sure that this new change is compatible with code in child classes.
--When we should use inheritance:
If ther is a case in withc we would have to use the same method in many classes and classes are related to each other
the best practice would be to create a parent class and use it to extend the methods into subclasses.

Types of Inheritance==> 4 types:
1)Single 2)Hierarchial 3)Multi level 4)multiple

1)Single inheritance --> One parent one child class
2)Hierarchial inheretance-->One parent many children classes
3)Multilevel inheritance--> Multilevel Inheritance occurs when a class extends a class that extends another class.
For example, class C extends class B, and class B extends class A.
4)Multiple Inheretance--> One child class and many parent classes.
Rules applied inheretance-->
      --private memebers are not inherite(private fields, private methods)
      --Constructor dont participate in inheritance
      --if we have constructor in parent we must have matching constructor in child classes
      --in java subcalss can extend only to single parent.

Super Keyword:
      Super keyword is a reference variable that we can use to access the fields or methods
      or constructors of the parent class
Uses:
    1) if we have same name fields in the parent class and in the child class we can use
    super keyword to refer to the paren class fields as by default java prefers the
    instance fileds of child class
    2) we can use super to call method of the parent class if we have same name method
    in the child calss as well.
    3)We ca use super with () to call the parent class constructor

Overloading In Java:
     When we have same name method in class with diferent numebr of parametars or diferent tyoe of parameters
     or differente sequence of parameters
Adventages of overloading:
     1)More readable code
     2)code is easy to use
     3)flexxible code
     4)we can have polymorphisam with the help of method overloading
When to overload:
     if methods are preformong same operations with diferent parameters then we should
     overload these methods.
Rules:
     1)Method name must be same
     2)Method signature(name+ parameters) should be different
     3)we cant overlodad a method by just changing its return type
     4)we cant overload method by just changing its access modifiers(private, public, protected)
     5)we cant overload method by just changing its non-access modifiers(static, final)
     6)we can overload static methods and main method as well.
     7)Constructors can also be overloaded.
